.TH AC 1 "July 2016" "ac-version 1.0" "User Command Reference"
.SH NAME
ac \- Hypothetical assembler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ac
[\fB\-b\fR][\fB\-x\fR]
.IR infile
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ac 
deploys hypothetical assembler to convert assembly code into machine code in hexadecimal(default) or binary.

Without options
.B ac
converts the given assembly code into machine code in hexadecimal.
Using
.B \-b
converts the given assembly code into machine code in binary.
However, using
.B \-x
forces output in hexadecimal.

.B ac
expects assembly code to be input in a 
.B \.a.txt
file.

.B ac
always produces output in a
.B \.o.txt
file.

.B ac
doesn't support any long named options except
.B --help
and
.B --version

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b\fR
Convert assembly language program into machine-level binary
.TP
.B \-x\fR
Convert assembly language program into machine-level hexadecimal
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help\fR
Display help information and exit
.TP
.B \-\-version\fR
Display version information and exit
.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
Visit \fB\fIhttps://github.com/suhassumukhv/assembler\fR for detailed reference of hypothetical assembly level language commands and syntax.

Here is a sample. Write a source file with assembly code and save it with \fB.a.txt\fR extension.

.B cat > source.a.txt

.B MOV R3, #25

.B HLT

For output in hexadecimal, do 

.B ac source.a.txt

.B ac -x source.a.txt
Either way, the output should be

.B cat source.o.txt

.B 3582

.B 0025

.B 2800

For output in binary, do

.B ac -b source.a.txt

You will see the output in \fBsource.o.txt\fR

.B cat source.o.txt

.B 0011010110000010

.B 0000000000100101

.B 0010100000000000 
.PP
Take a look at \fB\fIhttps://github.com/suhassumukhv/assembler\fR for more complete examples.
.SH BUGS
The author has ceased all further support for the software.
.SH AUTHOR
Suhas Sumukh
.SH RELEASE HISTORY
.TP
.B Version 1.1	\fRMay 2015
.TP
.B Version 1.0	\fRApril 2015